docs: automated fixes from weekly audit (26 issues) (#26527)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/operators/full-node/sui-full-node.mdx

```

The `rpc` configuration block supports additional settings. The most important options are:

- **`enable-indexing`:** Set to `true` to enable gRPC-specific data indexing.
- **`https-address`:** The HTTPS address for the RPC server, if TLS termination is handled by the node.
- **`tls`:** TLS configuration for the RPC server.

> - **`max-json-move-value-size`:** Maximum size in bytes for JSON Move values returned by the RPC server.

Author: ```suggestion
- `enable-indexing`: Set to `true` to enable gRPC-specific data indexing.
- `https-address`: The HTTPS address for the RPC server, if TLS termination is handled by the node.
- `tls`: TLS configuration for the RPC server.
- `max-json-move-value-size`: Maximum size in bytes for JSON Move values returned by the RPC server.
```

Refer to the [full node YAML template](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/blob/main/crates/sui-config/data/fullnode-template.yaml) for the complete list of available `rpc` options.

> Running gRPC alongside JSON-RPC increases your full node's storage usage. You can reclaim this storage by disabling JSON-RPC after all your client applications have migrated from JSON-RPC. All applications must gradually migrate to gRPC or [GraphQL RPC](/develop/accessing-data/custom-indexer/custom-indexers). You can also run gRPC and JSON-RPC on separate nodes to optimize resource usage and provide a performant and resilient RPC experience to client applications. Add the following to the `fullnode.yaml` configuration of your full node to selectively disable JSON-RPC on it:

Author: ```suggestion
You can reclaim this storage by disabling JSON-RPC after all your client applications have migrated from JSON-RPC. All applications must migrate to gRPC or [GraphQL RPC](/develop/accessing-data/custom-indexer/custom-indexers) by July 2026. Add the following to the `fullnode.yaml` configuration of your full node to selectively disable JSON-RPC on it:
```
